[JS SDK] Add docs for `fsIntegration` (#11144)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/integrations/fs.mdx

---
title: FileSystem
description: "Adds instrumentation for filesystem operations."
supported:
  - javascript.node
  - javascript.aws-lambda
  - javascript.azure-functions
  - javascript.connect
  - javascript.express
  - javascript.fastify
  - javascript.gcp-functions
  - javascript.hapi
  - javascript.koa
  - javascript.nestjs
  - javascript.electron
  - javascript.nextjs
  - javascript.nuxt
  - javascript.sveltekit
  - javascript.remix
  - javascript.astro
  - javascript.bun
---

<Alert level="info">

This integration only works in the Node.js and Bun runtimes.

</Alert>

_Import name: `Sentry.fsIntegration`_

> The `fsIntegration` will create spans for `fs` API operations, like reading and writing files. The integration uses the [`@opentelemetry/instrumentation-fs`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/instrumentation-fs) package.

Reviewer: super-l/personal taste:

```suggestion
The `fsIntegration` creates spans for `fs` API operations, like reading and writing files. The integration uses the [`@opentelemetry/instrumentation-fs`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/instrumentation-fs) package.
```
